bandwidth-file-spec: Add vote and unmeasured KeyValues (#64)
torproject/torspec: bandwidth-file-spec.txt

  The following nonterminals are defined in Tor directory protocol
  sections 1.2., 2.1.1., 2.1.3.:

>     Bool

Reviewer: For some reason, it is lowercase in dir-spec:
```suggestion
    bool
```

      The descriptor observed bandwidth mean for this relay in bytes per
      second.

>     "vote=" Bool SP

Reviewer: Lowercase again:
```suggestion
    "vote=" bool SP
```

      [Zero or one time.]

>       If the value is 0, Tor directory authorities MUST NOT vote on this relay.

Reviewer: Current Tor implementations do not obey this spec.
Should this line say "SHOULD NOT"?

      This MAY be the case when this relay was not successfully measured but

>       it is reported in the Bandwidth File to diagnose why it was not measured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      the Bandwidth File, to diagnose why they were not measured.
```

      If the value is 1 or the KeyValue is not present, Tor directory

>       authorities MUST vote on this relay.

Reviewer: Again, bandwidth, not voting:
```suggestion
      authorities MUST use the relay's bw value in any votes for that relay.
```

>       Because Tor versions before 0.3.4 ignore this KeyValue, generator

Reviewer: Insert the correct list of versions, which might still need updating if we have a new 0.4.0 alpha this week:
```suggestion
      Because Tor versions 0.3.4.11, 0.3.5.8, 0.4.0.2-alpha, and earlier
      ignore this KeyValue, generator implementations MUST set
```

>       implementations MUST set "bw=1" for this relay when Tor directory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      "bw=1" for this relay when Tor directory authorities should not
```

>       authorities should not vote on it.

Reviewer: We need to say why:
```suggestion
      vote on it. Using the minimum bw value allows authorities that
      do not understand "vote=0" or "unmeasured=1" to produce
      sensible votes for unmeasured relays.
```

    "unmeasured=" Bool SP

      [Zero or one time.]

      If the value is 1, this relay was not successfully measured and

>       Tor bandwith authorities MAY NOT vote on this relay.

Reviewer: Say what Tor currently does:
```suggestion
      Tor bandwith authorities MAY NOT vote on this relay.
      (Current Tor versions do not change their behaviour based on
      the "unmeasured" key.)
```

      If the value is 0 or the KeyValue is not present, this relay
      was successfully measured.

      Implementations MUST also set "bw=1" for this relay when it was not

>       successfully measured.

Reviewer: We need to say why:
```suggestion
      successfully measured. Using the minimum bw value allows authorities
      that do not understand "vote=0" or "unmeasured=1" to produce
      sensible votes for unmeasured relays.
```

      The descriptor observed bandwidth mean for this relay in bytes per
      second.

    "vote=" bool SP

      [Zero or one time.]

      If the value is 0, Tor directory authorities SHOULD ignore the relay's
      entry in the bandwidth file. They SHOULD vote for the relay the same
      way they would vote for a relay that is not present in the file.

      This MAY be the case when this relay was not successfully measured but

>       the Bandwidth File, to diagnose why they were not measured.

Reviewer: I think there are some words missing here.
"is included in the Bandwidth file"?

Author: yup, fixup
